MarkBind Template for Software Project Documentation (#2400)
MarkBind/markbind: packages/core/template/project/developerGuide/Testing.md

---
  layout: default.md
  title: "Testing guide"
  pageNav: 3
---

# Testing guide

<box type="tip">
This page can be used to understand the testing processes.
</box>

## Running tests

* **Method 1: Using script**
  * Create script for running tests in package.json
  * Open a console and run the command for the script, like `npm run test`

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Types of tests

This project has two types of tests:

<panel header="**1. Unit tests**">

> <p>These tests are targeting the lowest level methods/classes.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

These tests target the lowest level methods/classes.

Example command (replace with your own) `npm run test`
```

I think you shouldn't have to use html here? Can you check. I feel that using `<p>` tags is not really best / common markbind practie, though it's supported
